Inspired by the comments at: "http://dk.php.net/time":http://dk.php.net/time and "http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/DateHelper.html#M001695":http://api.rubyonrails.org/classes/ActionView/Helpers/DateHelper.html#M001695

h1. Using this scheme to determine the "ago" time:

<pre><code>
  0 <-> 29 secs                                                             # => less than a minute
  30 secs <-> 1 min, 29 secs                                                # => 1 minute
  1 min, 30 secs <-> 44 mins, 29 secs                                       # => [2..44] minutes
  44 mins, 30 secs <-> 89 mins, 29 secs                                     # => about 1 hour
  89 mins, 29 secs <-> 23 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs                             # => about [2..24] hours
  23 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs <-> 47 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs                     # => 1 day
  47 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs <-> 29 days, 23 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs            # => [2..29] days
  29 days, 23 hrs, 59 mins, 30 secs <-> 59 days, 23 hrs, 59 mins, 29 secs   # => about 1 month
  59 days, 23 hrs, 59 mins, 30 secs <-> 1 yr minus 1 sec                    # => [2..12] months
  1 yr <-> 2 yrs minus 1 secs                                               # => about 1 year
  2 yrs <-> max time or date                                                # => over [2..X] years
</code></pre>

h1. Changes since last version

Lots have changed since the last version. The WWDateTime class is no longer supported.
I have implemented a new class which takes a time string as parameter (and a 
timezone if needed), and calculates the time between them.

By request from "lsolesen" (a guy from here on github) I did removed the whole
DateTime dependence thingy.

h1. About

This class is here to give you the same functionality that DateTime::diff will give you.
However, this will work with PHP versions lower than 5.3.0

h1. Two methods instead of just one!

There are now two methods you can call: (well, 3, but two important ones!)

<pre><code>
$timeAgo = new TimeAgo();
echo $timeAgo->inWords("2010/1/10 23:05:00");

// OR

echo timeAgoInWords("2010/1/10 23:05:00");
</code></pre>

Both methods gives the same answer, the "timeAgoInWords()" function is just a
convenience wrapper for you.

h1. Do you want the actual years, months, days, hours, minutes, seconds difference?

Good news for you then!
I've implemented a nice little function that does just that for you. Simply do the 
following:

<pre><code>
$timeAgo = new TimeAgo();
$dateDifferenceArray =  $timeAgo->dateDifference("2010/1/10 23:05:00");
</code></pre>

This will return an array with the following data:

<pre><code>
array(
);
</code></pre>

h1. The old way of doing things.

Just if you wanted to try out the old "time ago" class, I've kept it in the project.
It will eventually be deleted, but hey, go have fun with it. Perhaps even extend it etc.
Bear in mind though, that the new DateTime::diff in PHP version 5.3.0 will eventually
replace it completely. (PHP 5.3.0 DateTime::diff link: http://www.php.net/manual/en/datetime.diff.php)

h1. Known bugs

* dateDifference() calculates a bit wrong when finding differences over 1 year.